Fix small grammer error in common metadata (#1309)
radiantearth/stac-spec: commons/common-metadata.md

| bands      | \[[Band Object](#band-object)] | An array of available bands where each object is a [Band Object](#band-object). |

The `bands` array is used to describe the available bands in a STAC entity or Asset.

> These fields describe the general construct of a band or layer, which doesn't necessarily need to be a spectral band.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This field describes the general construct of a band or layer, which doesn't necessarily need to be a spectral band.
```

Shouldn't it be singular? It just one bands field

Author: Yeah, I wasn't sure on the intent — I read it first as describing each of the component `Band` objects in the array. But if it's singular, then it should be as you suggest 👍🏼
